>>>>[THEME MUSIC] And I think
many people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY:
Gosh, the wonderment
of the pyramids--
they've fascinated me
since I was a little boy and
with us on "Beyond Belief," Dr.
Carmen Boulter, who
has produced, written,
and directed, "The
Pyramid Code" and what
an incredible, incredible
documentary you've worked on,
Carmen.
Welcome to the program.
>>CARMEN BOULTER:
Thank you, George.
Very nice to be here.
>>NOORY: How'd you get
interested in pyramids?
>>BOULTER: Well, I started
having past life memories
as a little girl and it was
all focused around Egypt.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>BOULTER: And so I
went there in 1977
and I had planned to go
there from the time I was 12.
>>NOORY: So you think
in another life--
and we're believers
in reincarnation--
that you may have
been an Egyptian?
>>BOULTER: Absolutely.
I'm pretty sure of it
because when I'm there,
I just feel a lot of things.
And when I hear the tour
guides talking and telling
a story that doesn't
seem right to me,
I just feel like I'm
going to pass out.
So there's something inside me
that knows a different truth
than what we were told in
school about the pyramids
and the Egyptians.
>>NOORY: It's a shame.
The recent developments in
Egypt these days I think
are really putting a damper
on tourism, which they
can't afford to lose, can they?
>>BOULTER: No but
since the revolution,
the tourism has
not come back up.
>>NOORY: At all?
>>BOULTER: No.
I was there in April.
Things are normal and
quite safe but these events
keep happening and
scaring people away.
So tourism is way down.
>>NOORY: Even though when
people think about pyramids,
they think about the
Giza pyramids in Egypt
but pyramids are
being discovered now
all over the
planet, aren't they?
>>BOULTER: They sure are
and it's quite surprising.
Now, the Bosnian pyramid has
achieved somewhat a notoriety
and what you'll notice is it's
got three to four feet of soil
over the top.
So to me, that speaks to the
idea of them being prediluvian,
before the flood.
And so when the water receded
after the great flood,
there was enough to--
enough soil to grow trees.
So when you look
at these pyramids,
the trees are all
different heights.
And so it doesn't look like
a straight-sided pyramid.
So now, there is
much more openness
to finding pyramids that
are covered in soil.
So they just found one in
Indonesia, Gunung Padang.
I'm going to be going
there in a few weeks.
They're finding them in
Antarctica, all over-- Serbia.
But many, many, many
different countries now
are coming up with pyramids.
>>NOORY: How did
they, the ancients,
come up with that
architectural design
to make the pyramids
the way they are?
I mean, I find that
fascinating, that they're
sprinkling all over the planet.
It's almost like the same
architect did all the work.
>>BOULTER: Well, it
certainly makes you wonder.
Now--
>>NOORY: It does.
>>BOULTER: If Egypt sprung
up in full magnificence
and other countries-- other
civilizations, the Sumerians,
the Mayans, the east
Indians, and the Egyptians,
they really didn't seem to
be talking to one another.
So we're now thinking about
the third-party hypothesis,
that perhaps they all
had similar ancestors
and similar teachers and
highly-evolved beings that
perhaps were seeding
all of these pyramids.
So it could be that that came
from another time and place,
where pyramids were
put on the grid,
on the telluric grid of
the planet for a purpose
and that's why they're similar.
>>NOORY: Yes.
Are you finding that where
the pyramids are located,
that there's some kind of
geographical similarity
all over the world?
>>BOULTER: Well, I think
it's more telluric currents--
>>NOORY: Explain that--
>>BOULTER: That cross.
So there's energy in the
earth and there's places
where these energies cross.
>>NOORY: Ley lines?
>>BOULTER: Ley lines, dragon
lines, you could call them,
and that seems to be where
the pyramids are located.
But there's other things that--
there's characteristic features
of the straight-sided pyramids.
They have water,
aquifers, underneath.
There are strategically
placed chambers in all of them
and there's also
different kinds of stones
that would conduct a
kind of magnetic energy,
magnetic resonance.
There's quartz under pressure,
the double helix of quartz.
And so when these pyramids
are being examined,
we're finding that there's
many similarities in them.
>>NOORY: Christopher Dunn
believes that the Great Pyramid
is a power source.
Do you think that's possible?
>>BOULTER: I sure do.
I sure do and some
people will talk
about how them being
in a closed system
would help that
power be stronger
and that opening the
pyramids wasn't a good idea.
That's one perspective, as well.
But now, there's new pyramids
being built, too, in Russia,
in Tomsk, Russia.
And Valery Uvarov is
someone who has really
understood the science of
the quartz under pressure
and how the different
chambers make resonant fields
and that it's not necessarily
the angle of the pyramids.
There's things that
don't matter as
much, like the different--
like most pyramids in Egypt
are a different angle.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>BOULTER: Right?
And so that's not the
characteristic feature
that dictates whether
or not they're
going to be a power source.
But instead of
electrostatic energy,
it's electromagnetic energy.
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>BOULTER: And that's different.
>>NOORY: You've looked
at a lot of pyramids
all around the planet.
You've been to how many
different countries now?
>>BOULTER: 57.
>>NOORY: 57 countries.
>>BOULTER: And counting.
>>NOORY: Have you come
up with your own theory
on how these
structures were built?
>>BOULTER: Well it
seems that anti-gravity
would have been used.
Now--
>>NOORY: Like floating
the blocks into position?
>>BOULTER: Somehow
and when you see--
>>NOORY: Amazing--
>>BOULTER: In Tibet, they have
those big horns that they blow
and it's like a sound--
>>NOORY: Sound resonance--
>>BOULTER: Sound resonance,
sound and light technology.
And so in looking
for an understanding
of high-level
initiates and those
that had power, some
kind of abilities,
we see that they
were telepathic.
They could bi-locate, teleport,
all these kinds of things.
And so anti-gravity is
a form of levitation
and I think that all
of these were fields
within fields within fields.
So they were using
the human energy
of the high-level
initiates so that they
were like human
divining rods, in a way.
So just the way the
synapses don't touch
and they shoot a
hormone across, I
think that the
high-level initiates
were able to take cosmic energy
and ground it into the Earth
and take the telluric
energy from the Earth
and send it into the cosmos.
And so it was a human function.
>>NOORY: And when you talk
about dating the pyramids,
let's take a look at a clip
from "The Pyramid Code."
You're-- you're
going to love this.
>>Even Egyptologists agree
that the Giza Plateau
has a unified ground plan.
How does the Great
Pyramid display
evidence of this correlation?
>>I do think when it was what
we would call partially built,
it was used as a
astronomical observatory.
The grand gallery perfectly
aligned north-south,
opening to the
southern sky-- would've
made a wonderful observational
tube, essentially,
looking up into the sky.
>>We have shots pointing to
certain stars, Orion's Belt
series-- we know the
stars because they're
mentioned in the text.
We therefore can use
processional time
to place the stars back in
alignment with these monuments,
in this case, the
pyramids, for example.
>>The Great Pyramid
stands exactly
at the center of the largest
land mass on the planet yet
we had no idea of the
position of continents
until 600 years ago.
How could they have known?
>>NOORY: Now, Carmen,
that's a great question.
How could they have known?
How did they know this?
How did they have this
kind of knowledge?
Either we've lost it over all
these centuries or somebody
told them.
>>BOULTER: Well, and it's a
very, very interesting question
and of course, we're always
going to be speculating.
There's no one that's
going to come and tell us
where it all came from, where
the information came from.
But I'm starting to think
that the Atlanteans had
a lot of this information
and that there were actually
in the texts three different
catastrophes, not just one.
And when we talk about
processional time,
which was just
mentioned in the clip,
that's 26,000-year cycles that
go from the Golden Age down
into the Iron Age.
And so Atlantis had time to go
around several of these cycles.
And so we can't just
take one picture of it
and say that's exactly
what Atlantis was.
There was enough
history in it and time
to have known that there
were more disasters coming.
>>NOORY: You're working
on a new documentary
called "The New Atlantis."
>>BOULTER: I sure am.
>>NOORY: Aren't you?
And with that tie-in into
the Egyptian pyramids,
we're going to bounce around
a little bit between Egypt
and Atlantis.
But what do you think
Atlantis was at that time?
>>BOULTER: OK, so it was a
worldwide seafaring culture
and I always want
to ground something
in something that's verifiable.
And so there are texts that
talk about an asteroid hit.
And so the prediction was
"when the head of the crab
hits the heart of
the lion," which
is speaking to the idea of the
Cancer constellation colliding
with the Leo constellation.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>BOULTER: Well, how
could that have happened?
And so it seems that the axis
of the Earth used to be straight
and it knocked it to 14 degrees.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>BOULTER: And that's what
the Egyptians were mapping
with the causeways in
front of the Great Pyramid
and the second pyramid
being at 14 degrees.
And so it seems like
they had the ability
to predict that there was
going to be a catastrophe.
So my understanding
from the text
is that there was
one in 17500, one
in 58000 BC and another 13660.
>>NOORY: Did we have
humankind at that time?
>>BOULTER: Yes.
It seems that
there was evidence.
And so this is a very big story
and I'm piecing it together
in another series.
But if they knew--
and imagine that we
were on a committee knowing
that within 50 years,
there was going to be some
kind of an asteroid hit.
What would we do?
Like, if we had to
preserve our technology--
>>NOORY: I'm going
deep under fast.
>>BOULTER: Well, we had to
preserve our technology.
We wanted to save the people.
So could it be that there
was a worldwide colonization?
And now, the other thing is
that we want a one right answer.
And so it was Santorini.
No, it was here.
No, it was there.
>>NOORY: Right.
Right.
>>BOULTER: Well, what if
it was all of the above?
And so Plato did speak a lot
about different characteristic
features of Atlantis
but there is nowhere
that we're talking
about that has come up
with all of the features.
So when you see documentaries
on Atlantis, they'll say,
well, there was no
evidence of elephants.
Well, there couldn't have
been elephants in Santorini
so it can't be Atlantis.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>BOULTER: But you see the
shape of the circular cities.
But if we compare our
cities, LA, New York,
we build our cities
the same way.
And so why wouldn't they build
their cities the same way?
So if they were worldwide
seafaring, they could come in.
The boats could come in,
go around the circle,
drop off their cargo,
continue, pick up more cargo,
and go out the other way.
So it was this continuous way
that there would be these round
circles and they have found
them in several places
and Santorini is a
candidate for that.
>>NOORY: Interesting, OK.
>>BOULTER: Yeah.
So it could be that
they went and colonized
all these different places
and then built pyramids.
To me, that's making
a lot of sense now.
>>NOORY: And the pyramids,
a lot of the pyramids
were built because of
the stars and the way
the constellations were.
Let's take a quick look.
>>The rituals of
ancient Egyptians
were dictated by the stars.
For example, the ancients
tracked the movement
of the most prominent star
in the night sky, Sirius.
Through watching night after
night, season after season,
they realized that this star
would drop below the horizon
and remain out of sight
for 70 days each year.
Its return was awaited
with anticipation
because it coincided with
the flooding of the Nile.
>>NOORY: I mean, I'm just
amazed at how the ancients just
understood this, kept
track of things like this,
like the star system, Sirius.
And wasn't that the star system
where the Dogon tribe claimed
that there was a
dual binary star
system that we never found out
about until much, much later?
>>BOULTER: Yeah, it's
really quite fascinating
and the field of
archeoastronomy is really
gaining strides in this.
But I've made a discovery with
the "band of peace," I call it,
from Abu Rawash, which
would align with Sirius.
And I've worked in
Starry Night Pro
to see which star system goes
with which set of pyramids.
And so it seems that
Abu Rawash is Sirius
and Robert Bauval gave us
that Orion would be Giza.
But then, the Pleiades--
that's in "The Pyramid Code,"
as well-- could
have been Abusir.
And then, if you keep going,
Cygnus would be Dahshur.
And so what I did was I worked
with the Extragalactic Grid
in the program,
Starry Night Pro.
And do you know that this
configuration holds together
and if you keep going through
the spinal cord of Cygnus,
the bird, you come to
the galactic center?
But this configuration doesn't
fall apart all the way back
to 33000 BC--
>>NOORY: They were good--
>>BOULTER: And all
the way forward
to 13500 or something AD.
But I never figured
out what Saqqara is
and so I've tried many,
many different star
systems in there.
And they blow out.
Like if you run the movie back
and forward, if it's wrong,
it doesn't stay in
that configuration.
That means they
understood something
from outside the galaxy.
>>NOORY: Without telescopes.
>>BOULTER: Well--
>>NOORY: We think
without telescopes.
>>BOULTER: Well, they
have found lenses.
They found lenses
but the thing is
is that there's evidence of
them using diamond drill bits.
But go find the bit
after two world floods.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>BOULTER: You may not find it.
That doesn't mean they didn't
have sophisticated equipment.
>>NOORY: See, Michael
Cremo believes,
of course, that humankind
is much older, maybe
100 million years older,
and that civilizations
were obliterated or catastrophes
occurred and just wiped out
any remnants of who
or what they were.
If that's true, that could
explain some of the technology.
>>BOULTER: Absolutely.
And of course, the
evidence would be gone.
I just spoke at a conference
with Michael Cremo, the Modern
Knowledge Tour.
>>NOORY: Great guy.
>>BOULTER: Yeah but he has
existed in a bit of isolation
and mainstream
archaeology doesn't
want to go along with that.
And so there's-- but it doesn't
mean that the evidence that
he's found isn't true.
And so we really,
really have to think
in much much, much older terms.
>>NOORY: And of
course, the pyramids
could be much, much older,
then, based on that.
Let's take a look.
>>The Egyptians themselves,
in at least one stone tablet
and one papyrus, tell the
story that ancient Egypt
is much, much older than the
Egyptologists think it is.
>>Where the Great
Pyramid sits, I believe,
is on a much more ancient site.
Under the Great
Pyramid to this day
is the descending passage
in the subterranean chamber.
I think that's
very good evidence
that that was carved
out in what we
would call "predynastic" times.
That goes back to a
very ancient date.
Based on the hieroglyphics
that we have,
the second pyramid
was in many ways
regarded as the primary
pyramid on the Giza Plateau.
Actually, from many angles
on the Giza Plateau,
the second pyramid is dominant.
The structure underneath
it or the base of it
was older than even
the Great Pyramid.
>>NOORY: Carmen,
so they look old.
They look really old.
And I was noticing some of the
crumbling going on, of course.
I assume the pyramids,
when they were finally
built and completed, it
was much smoother, right?
>>BOULTER: And the Giza
Plateau was used as a quarry.
And so they built a lot
of the mosques in Cairo
with the casing stones
and they took them off.
And there were actually more
pyramids there that disappeared
altogether.
And so they've been
damaged, for sure.
>>NOORY: It is a
puzzlement, isn't it?
>>BOULTER: Yes and we
keep finding new research.
So lately, there's
been articles published
by-- let me get the name
right-- Menachem Parkhomenko
and they acknowledge
Klaus Dona's work
and John Anthony
West and Robert Shaw
for the redating of the Sphinx.
But now, they're
saying that it could
have been the Calabrian
phase all the way back
to 800,000 years ago.
>>NOORY: 800,000.
>>BOULTER: 800.
Now--
>>NOORY: Which is
beginning to make
Cremo's theory more palatable.
>>BOULTER: But when I first
started spending a lot of time
inside the Sphinx and
around it, before they
did the restoration, it was
like sand that just crumbled.
And they're suggesting that the
Sphinx was actually underwater.
Well, we talked
already in a radio show
about the labyrinth of Egypt and
the huge depth of this place.
And we've been finding
maps, ancient maps,
which are clues to something.
Why would you make a map
if it didn't look like--
>>NOORY: If it didn't
lead you somewhere?
>>BOULTER: Right.
So Lake Morris, which
is still there now,
which is absolutely huge,
could have gone all the way
from Hawara to Giza, which would
have put the Sphinx underwater.
Well, that is just
Earth-shattering,
mind-boggling, and--
>>NOORY: Which tells you
the Sphinx is even older.
>>BOULTER: Even
older and it seems
like all of us, as we do more
research, are creeping back.
And so this archeomineralogy
is what they're using.
And so the jury's not out.
There still needs to
be more research done.
But it seems like the more we
dig, the older everything gets.
>>NOORY: That is amazing.
>>BOULTER: It is amazing.
>>NOORY: It is and
the technology that
was used-- can we build pyramids
today the way they built them
then?
>>BOULTER: Well,
Valery Uvarov has
built a pyramid in
Tomsk, Russia and it
has all the characteristic
features and people have
spontaneous healings
in there and they're
building a site of four more.
>>NOORY: How big is it?
>>BOULTER: It's not as
big as the Great Pyramid
but his conviction is that
the size isn't what matters.
I forget now how tall it is.
It's probably about a third
the size of the Great Pyramid.
And so yes and they're
using poured stone.
And this is Joseph--
>>NOORY: Poured stone.
>>BOULTER: This is
Joseph Davidovits' work.
And when you look
at the temple walls,
you can see how there's
a structure underneath
and they probably poured what
looked like frescoes that we
thought were carved.
So over the years of looking
at pictures and going,
I'm starting to
notice that there's
the same frescoes in
different places, which
speaks to the idea that
there could've been molds.
>>NOORY: Of course,
if they poured it,
they probably brought in
huge cement trucks, right?
>>BOULTER: Well, trucks or
they talk about natron, which
they used to dry out mummies.
And the number of days,
70 days, is when Sirius
would be below the horizon.
That's how long it
took them to mummify
and this material was
pulling the moisture out
and they used that in
order to dry the stone.
Now, there is evidence that if
you pour stone or if you carve
stone, that it doesn't-- you
can't tell the difference.
And that's Joseph
Davidovits' work.
And so that's how they did it.
They poured the casing stones
and it's almost like fondant
icing, where you put
it on and it's liquid
and then it hardens.
>>NOORY: Right.
Right.
>>BOULTER: And that's
how they did it.
And they have a real crystal
pyrimidine at the top
and I've got the photographs
of 14-foot crystals,
quartz crystals that came from
Brazil, taller than the cons--
>>NOORY: 14 foot-- huge.
>>BOULTER: Taller than
the construction workers
but that what's needed is
the quartz under pressure.
And so they're building
pyramids now in Russia.
>>NOORY: All right.
We're interactive here,
Carmen, so let's go
to a few phone calls for you.
>>AUDIENCE: I'm Sarah
in Madison, Wisconsin
and I wanted to ask Carmen
what her best-guess theory is
on how the pyramids were built.
>>NOORY: Carmen, a
generic question,
of course, but something that
we constantly talk about.
How were the pyramids built?
>>BOULTER: Well, I think it
was high-level initiates that
had-- they were engineers.
They were scientists.
They had a lot of skill.
There's no way that it
was slaves dragging stones
on rollers because they tried
that and it didn't work.
So I think that they were using
sound and light technology.
I have visions of two different
devices, lifters and nudgers
and that they would work
fields within fields.
And so there'd be groups of
high-level initiates working
with the sound and
light technology
and they would literally
be picking up the stones
with an anti-gravity something
that worked with that.
Now, I've just come back
from filming at Coral Castle.
>>NOORY: Ah, and
Ed Leedskalnin once
said he knew the secrets of
how the pyramids were built.
>>BOULTER: Right.
And so we filmed
and he has-- it has
to do with magnetic resonance.
And he actually used these
little magnets, it seems,
and he's got a device that
is not unlike those crystal
bowls at Abu Ghraib.
And so it seems that it
was somewhat mechanical,
like there's a room
of tools that he used.
And of course, he kept
everything secret right
until his death.
But he definitely
understood something,
that it's plausible, not within
the context that we think
of things but if you can let
yourself go into another time
and space and different value
system and different energy
fields, I think they were
able to levitate the stones.
>>NOORY: Are we experimenting
with that kind of magnetics
now to see if we
can even do that?
>>BOULTER: Yes and if you go
online and search on YouTube,
you can see all kinds of
things that are being suspended
through different fields.
And so it is possible and I've
always thought that, actually.
>>NOORY: So they create
a field around whatever
object you want to move and
it just kind of like floats,
right?
>>BOULTER: Well, it floats.
It's riding on sound waves.
There's sound, there's
light technology,
and it's somehow interfacing
with the molecules
of the object.
But then, there's
the other thing
of taking frames and actually
pouring stone like concrete
and then removing the frame and
moving along and continuing.
>>NOORY: Right.
Well, let's go to another call.
>>AUDIENCE: Hi, Carmen.
My name is Brett and
I live in New Jersey.
I wanted to know if you
think it was possible
that the Egyptians used some
kind of wheel pulley device
to build the pyramids.
>>BOULTER: If you look at
Edward Leedskalnin's tool room,
he got a lot of his
equipment from trains,
from railway yards.
And there are all
kinds of pulleys there.
And so he had devices that
would allow for leverage.
>>NOORY: He had a big
triangular tripod pulley.
>>BOULTER: Three of
them but the thing is
is that he built two stories
on the site and everything
was higher than the tripods
that he was working with
and I've got
photographs of that.
And so it's a
combination of all of it.
And I think that
pulleys perhaps could
have been used but I think
it's a little bit more
magical than that.
I think they had abilities.
>>NOORY: I think so, too.
It's just amazing.
The most amazing
part for me, Carmen,
is the lost technology,
the lost knowledge,
as if something so catastrophic
happened where none of this
was passed on to us.
Yes, we see pyramids and
we're finding pyramids
on this planet.
But the technology
of what happened--
how to build them-- it's gone.
There's no transition.
Life is a transition.
We know that when we
landed on the moon in 1969,
you can catalog what
happened and how
we got there, where we are.
This is gone.
There's a separation.
What do you think happened
with that separation?
>>BOULTER: Well, we
have to think, too,
of the patriarchy as
it exists right now
and the influence
of 6,000 years.
That's why Michael Cremo
has had a lot of trouble
because everything was supposed
to have happened in 6,000 years
and I don't think
that's possible.
>>NOORY: No, not at all.
>>BOULTER: But I've always
said that the agenda
of the patriarchy has been to
erase evidence of everything
other than itself.
And so we've got
the witch trials
and we've got-- if you had
any idea about tarot or herbs
or any of those,
they'd burn you.
And then, once they
finished that, they
went into the missions and then
they'd go to other countries.
And so there's been a
lot-- a concerted effort
to erase all of this
information and to have
anybody who thinks outside
the box be chastised
and conspiracy theories
and all that, which
is just a catch-all phrase.
But I think there are
fragments of the technology
and the answers but
they're not accepted
because we've got a
different value system now.
>>NOORY: Erased?
Erased or did they put it in
the Hall of Records somewhere?
>>BOULTER: Well, there you go.
And if it was us,
knowing that there
was going to be a
disaster, what would
we do with the technology?
What would we do with the stuff?
And so what we're finding
is older is-- well,
we know in archaeology
that older's deeper
and there are some very,
very deep reservoirs of we
don't know what.
But Klaus Dona's got this
scanning technology that
goes six kilometers
into the Earth
but it's a 3D map
of 20 meters down
and 40 meters down that
is logarithms working off
live satellite feeds now that
Klaus Dona has access to.
And so the
sophisticated technology
is now being verified.
And so in Egypt,
they've decided to do
scans of two pyramids at
Dahshur and two at Giza.
That just is a
recent announcement
in the last two weeks.
But that's not the
sophisticated technology.
That only goes four feet deep.
And so we've got to
really understand
what is available to us now.
But other countries
seem to be more
open to going and investigating
what these scans have shown.
So Klaus has told me they've
scanned 200 sacred sites.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>BOULTER: But then, you
don't go and verify it
because a lot of the
countries won't allow that.
But he's just come out
of the Philippines.
They found some--
it's top secret still
but they're finding
things and they're going
and digging and
X marks the spot.
And where he says and what
depth and what the elements are
are being verified.
So as time goes by, the
validity of these tests
are getting stronger.
>>NOORY: Edgar Cayce, the
great American prophet,
once said that the
Hall of Records
were contained in three areas,
somewhere in Central America,
somewhere around the
Bimini area, and then
the base of the Sphinx.
And I believe that if we can
get down there, we can find out.
I tend to think that Zahi
Hawass has already dug it up
before he was ousted
as head of antiquities
and knows what was in
that Hall of Records.
>>BOULTER: Well, I--
>>NOORY: Just a guess.
>>BOULTER: There's a
certain amount of denial
that goes on with all of
that because he insists
that there's nothing at Hawara.
But I've also just
come back from Bimini
and we had underwater cameras
and we filmed the Bimini Road
and there is a lot of
interesting energy there.
>>NOORY: Something's
going on there.
>>BOULTER: But what I found
the most interesting of that--
we took a cruise ship
to go over with my crew
and no one on the boat knew
anything about the Bimini Road.
So that's like the collective,
where it's not acceptable.
The collective doesn't accept
the Bosnian pyramids, either.
But everyone on the
island knew all about it.
>>NOORY: They all know.
>>BOULTER: Yeah and there
was a kid from Montreal who
actually had a boat
who took us out there
and we actually filmed.
And there's something to it.
But you can't just
say that Bimini's
the only place, like you say.
>>NOORY: Yeah,
there's three areas.
>>BOULTER: There's
more places than one
that would have had
some of these records.
But looking at the idea of Lake
Morris and Hawara being close
and there being only water
between Giza and Hawara,
which we still have
to investigate,
but that speaks to this
idea that maybe it's
beneath-- in front of
the paws of the Sphinx
but at a distance, across
a body of water-- could be.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>BOULTER: And so I'm starting
to warm up to the idea
that the records could be
near a different pyramid, not
the Great Pyramid.
>>NOORY: That'd be interesting.
>>BOULTER: And that's all
that researchers have to say,
the Great Pyramid when
it's a different pyramid.
And then, everybody goes
running to look there.
And I have to admit, I spent
five years doing field work
around the Great Pyramid looking
in and out of the tunnels
because I figured there
was something down there
and there is.
There's--
>>NOORY: Well, what's amazing,
too, Carmen, is over the years,
over the millennia, how the
planet covers things up.
My gosh.
>>BOULTER: That's right.
>>NOORY: They could be
hundreds of feet down there.
>>BOULTER: Well, and you
think that scuba diving only
started in 1954.
And then, there
are things that are
so deep off the coast
of Cuba that you can't
send a human, no matter what.
It has to be
submersibles that go
and they're finding
structures down there.
And so once we start
putting all this together,
it's a much bigger picture,
it's a much older picture,
and it's a connected picture.
And so in a couple of
weeks, I'm going to Java
and there's several points that
Plato talked about, elephants,
the fact that they had
dolphins, what they ate,
the fruit the seasons, the
harvests, the waterways,
all these things.
And there's charts now.
Danny Iwato has made
them and Danny Hillman,
who's an archaeologist.
And Santorini has a
certain number of them
and other places have a
certain number of them.
But in Java, every single
point is verifiable.
>>NOORY: All right.
Well, let's listen in
on another question.
>>AUDIENCE: My name is
Mary and I heard a theory
that ancient aliens
were involved
in the building of
the Great Pyramid.
Do you think that's possible?
>>NOORY: Well, of course, I've
been on the History Channel's
"Ancient Aliens" program
for eight years now
and that's always
been a great theory.
>>BOULTER: Well, Hakim,
who's the indigenous wisdom
keeper in "The
Pyramid Code," says
we didn't need it to be aliens.
Now, perhaps, we were connecting
with higher-level beings
that were disincarnate,
that sort of thing.
But in a way, it's
too easy an answer.
I think that it
really was high-level,
well-developed people with
abilities that were trained
that--
>>NOORY: From this planet?
>>BOULTER: Yes but when you
start thinking about it,
when you're "Beyond
Belief" and you're
open to different things,
we're all star seed.
Where did the first
of us come from?
And so in a way,
we're the aliens.
We've traveled-- it's
a difficult concept
to talk about because
the collective says
no to all of it.
But I don't think
it was spaceships
and little gray beings that
were building the pyramids.
I just don't think that.
>>NOORY: What happened,
Carmen, this catastrophe
that occurred on the planet?
And it's probably been
numerous catastrophes.
But when they talk about
the deluge, the flood,
and the sinking of Atlantis,
you think it was that asteroid?
>>BOULTER: Well,
like I said, there's
three different
disasters and they
caused huge tsunamis and the
cracking of the continents.
And so that would erase
a lot of evidence.
And so yes, I think that there
was an impact on the Earth
and that it shook things
and changed the water levels
and we're seeing that.
And there's evidence of that.
>>NOORY: But this
was huge, wasn't it?
>>BOULTER: Huge,
the whole planet.
And then, there was just a few
people, perhaps, that survived.
And so when you think of
the "cave to the swimmers"
from "The English Patient"
and there's a high plateau
called Gilf Kebir in Egypt.
And it could be that a few
people survived and swam
and pulled themselves
up onto the plateau
and then started again
with the markers.
Now, when you think about
Ireland and the British Isles
and different water
levels, as well,
there seems to have been
a frenetic amount of stone
circle-building.
And James Swagger out
of Ireland talks about
that and that 75% or
something of the stone circles
on the planet are in Ireland.
And so we were
talking and it seemed
like there was an
urgency and it's
almost as though the
survivors of Atlantis
were trying to put
the records back.
And he's come up with all
kinds of archeoastronomical
alignments of tracking things.
Now, if they were seafaring
and they had the stars
and they had their
boats, they would have
to have understood the stars.
>>NOORY: Of course.
>>BOULTER: And so
this whole mechanism
that perhaps was
destroyed and went down
could have been charted back in
that area using stone circles.
>>NOORY: There was an
old movie of Atlantis
that dealt with a massive
crystal that they had.
Whether it was a weapon
or what, I don't know.
Do you think they possess
that kind of technology?
>>BOULTER: Well, the legend is
Lake Titicaca at 14,000 feet
or so in Bolivia,
saltwater lake--
the local people
that have been there
think that the Atlantean
crystal's down there.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>BOULTER: Yes and then--
>>NOORY: Why would
they say that?
>>BOULTER: Well, who knows
where all that started?
And again, I think there
would have been more than one.
And so right where
the Bimini Road--
they call it "Paradise
Point" or something--
is the center of the Bermuda
Triangle and all kinds
of shipwrecks, compasses going--
>>NOORY: Everything haywire.
>>BOULTER: Everything
haywire and so
that would have been
another central point.
And so we use crystals
in everything now.
Crystals are in ethernet cables.
They're everywhere.
And so again,
they're teeny tiny.
But if you can
imagine huge crystals
and what they could have
done to the energy fields,
it starts to make
sense, doesn't it?
>>NOORY: It sure does.
It sure does.
And add to it, though, the
extraterrestrial presence,
which you're not
too convinced of.
But let's assume for a
moment that they came here,
they helped us, they
provided information,
they provided knowledge,
they provided the ability
to anti-gravity these
blocks of stones,
and then they just took it
back with them and left.
>>BOULTER: Now, it's not
that I'm opposed to the idea
but it's unverifiable.
And so everything I
do, I want it grounded
in something that's real.
>>NOORY: You're in science.
>>BOULTER: Yeah.
And so I can't prove
that and so that's
why I don't make a claim to it.
I think that, of course,
I've been looking
at things about UFOs
since I was a little kid
and so been quite
convinced about it.
But how they interfaced
with us, what they left--
and the other thing
is that we're all
driving in our vehicles
and our little skateboards
and everything and so we assume
that they're all in spaceships.
But they can shapeshift.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>BOULTER: So they can
just be walking around
and take over someone's
body for a while.
So there's lots of ways
that are unexplained
and it's a big challenge
to try to explain it.
So I'm not against the
idea but I don't claim it
because I can't verify it.
>>NOORY: What
drives you, Carmen?
>>BOULTER: Past life
memories-- I know things
that I have no business knowing.
And so I--
>>NOORY: Are those
past life memories
drawing you into all this?
>>BOULTER: Absolutely
and I had evidence of 85
of my own past lives
by the time I was 33.
>>NOORY: 85.
>>BOULTER: And then,
I stopped counting.
And so I think I'm just
going and picking up
bits of what I knew before.
>>NOORY: Maybe you
were Cleopatra.
>>BOULTER: She came
much later in the game.
>>NOORY: Where do
we go in the future?
What's the next few
years going to do for us?
>>BOULTER: Well, that's
a very good question.
I think we need a model
for an empowered humanity
because everything
about patriarchy
is disconnect, disempower, power
over, and that sort of thing.
How can we empower ourselves?
And that's what
religion was doing
is give your power
to the priest,
all these different things.
So how can we come
to our own truth?
And in our society right
now, truth is an option
and people stand up and say,
it's true because I said so.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>BOULTER: Right?
And the news and teachers
and movies and all that stuff
is giving us-- feeding us
these ideas that disconnect us.
So if we can leave that
and not drink the Kool-Aid
and come back into
our own deep knowing,
I think that we
will address values
that have more to do
with consciousness
instead of profit.
>>NOORY: How can people watch
"The Pyramid Code" and "The New
Atlantis" DVD that
you're working on?
>>BOULTER: "The Pyramid Code"
is on Vimeo on pay-per-view
and we've spent a lot of
time taking it off YouTube
because it was all over that.
It's on Netflix
and Hulu, as well.
And "The New Atlantis" should
be finished by July of next year
and we'll be doing
pre-sales of that.
>>NOORY: Great.
Good luck, Carmen.
>>BOULTER: Thank you.
>>NOORY: And thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
It's fascinating.
>>BOULTER: Thanks
so much, George.
>>NOORY: The pyramids-- the
next time you look at a story
or see it on television and
think about how were they
constructed, how
were they built,
just think about this
and this discussion
because it's very
possible sound resonance
did that with technology
that we have simply lost.
I'm George Noory and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]